Add notice about AI generated code policy to pull request checklist (#10590)
certbot/certbot: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Pull Request Checklist

- [ ] The Certbot team has recently expressed interest in reviewing a PR for this. If not, this PR may be closed due our limited resources and need to prioritize how we spend them.

> - [ ] As per [EFF's AI-generated contribution policy](https://www.eff.org/about/opportunities/volunteer/coding-with-eff), you must first do a self-review of all AI-generated code, and disclose if your contribution was AI-generated. You must thoroughly understand, review, and test your entire submission.

Reviewer: what do you think about tweaking the wording slightly to make this read more like a checklist item one could cross off as done? maybe something like
```suggestion
- [ ] If you used AI to create this PR, you have done a self-review of all AI-generated code and disclosed that your contribution was AI-generated per [EFF's AI-generated contribution policy](https://www.eff.org/about/opportunities/volunteer/coding-with-eff). You must thoroughly understand, review, and test your entire submission.
```
other than this optional suggestion, this LGTM! thanks for doing this
